<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
</head>

<body>
  <h2>Credits</h2>

<h4 class="sigil_not_in_toc">  Original Texts:  Pali Text Society (PTS)</h4>


<p>This collection of e-books has been compiled from the ongoing and continuously updated HTML source files found on <a href="http://Buddhadust.net">BuddhaDust.net</a> . Although there may be errors related to the Optical Character Recognition (OCR) that was used to scan the original books, it was felt that this edition of the e-book was good enough for release in its current state. If there are any doubts concerning the changes made by the editors, the original scans can also be found <a href="http://buddhadust.net/backmatter/indexes/idx_downloads.htm#pts_pdfs">here on the website</a>.</p>

<p>There have been some good faith alterations to the original hard copy text, and many of the suttas which were abridged originally have been fully rolled out. Some archaic word spellings have been modernized, but most words were left as they were in the original. Certain editorial comments contained in the text and made by the BuddhaDust editor are identified by [Ed.: ] in the footnotes.</p>

<p>I give much appreciation and gratitude to Stephen J. Torrence, who spent many tedious hours writing RegEx macros to transform the Buddhadust.net website into a proper e-book. Stephen also did the covers and many other action items including manually creating the Tables of Contents for the SN and AN. Without his help, this project would probably never have come to fruition or would have been far from the professional “look and feel” I believe we have achieved.</p>

<p>I would also like to thank Brad Garrison, Michael Rickicki, and Peter N for helping with the spell checking process, and especially Lean Lim who checked several batches I sent her.</p>

<p>May all beings share in the fruits of this great merit!</p>
<p style="text-align: right;">— <i>Bhante Bhikkhu Subhūti</i></p>

<hr/>

<p>The original scanned texts (in image format) can be found at:  
<a href="http://buddhadust.net/backmatter/indexes/idx_downloads.htm#pts_pdfs">http://buddhadust.net/backmatter/indexes/idx_downloads.htm#pts_pdfs</a></p>

<p>Issues or mistakes may be reported on <a href="https://github.com/bksubhuti/buddhadust/issues">https://github.com/bksubhuti/buddhadust/issues</a></p>

<p>Recent versions can be found at <a href="https://github.com/bksubhuti/buddhadust/tree/master/pts-ebooks">https://github.com/bksubhuti/buddhadust/tree/master/pts-ebooks</a></p>
</body>
</html>